that I had in my career or the U. S s life. You had a sore. I was the
simmering surface warfare officer, and we were on their way in the Barents
Sea on way took a rogue wave over the bridge and Salah rupture.
It ruptured right at a point where, in the latest X rays, we had
what was noticed, as some are catastrophic tears in the higher in think
of your are you positive tire? Sorry. Entire ship and wait. It is
Well, I was not very comfortable doing that because we had to go into
the dry dock in your shoes and replace the solar way we were off
live a mission. Warfare out 85 days trying to get the sword dome out,
foldout replaced, going inspection, and they're trying to figure
out who's responsible. Okay, so I was a time in my career, I can tell
you is I had er well documented. The tear in the solar had noted everywhere,
and I see said, Well, there happened where? You know Ben
11th noticed. Noted it in the logs. So therefore, you know, active God,
It felt I couldn't wash that could've thrown drum me out of it,
said it was all, like, false. But since I had the foresight to look
at it, notice it and say, Hey, it wasn't prepared in the previous upgrade.
You know, I got lucky on that road, so I knew my would do the
strengths, weaknesses, threats to my foot.